Let us now put all those elements together in a little live demo.
You are going to see now some code in action.
We are going to annotate our person bean,
and for that, create our own custom annotations.
And you are going to see that it is a very simple process.
And then use the Reflection to read the correct fields in the correct order,
first, the primary key and then the regular fields.
Let us begin by creating a metamodel on our Person class.
We have here a Person class.
It is a very classical JavaBean with three properties,
id,
which is longer and bound to be the primary key of this Person object; the name,
which is a string; and an age, which is an integer.
We have two constructors,
and empty one and a constructor that takes the name and the age; a
classical set of getters and setters; and a toString method.
So what we want to do is create a metamodel on this Person class.
We want to call this metamodel in this way, Metamodel.
Of course, for the moment, this class does not exist.
Metamodel of Person.class.
This is the Person class we are using.
And from this Metamodel,
we want to be able to query this Person class for its
primary key and the different fields that are going to be
mapped to Column in the database.
So we want to be able to call the getPrimaryKey and getColumns,
and we want this getPrimaryKey method to return the PrimaryKeyField object.
Let us call it primaryKeyField.
And the same goes for this getColumns method.
We want this getColumns method to return the List of, let's say, ColumnField.
We are going to call it columnFields.
None of those methods or types exist, so we need to create everything.
Let us just import this list, and this is okay.
Let us begin by creating this Metamodel class.
We are going to create it in the org.paumard .reflection .util package.
Fine.
We need a factory method of that is going to take a class.
So public static Metamodel.
We are going to rename this in that way.
And, in fact, here, we need a Class of T,
so we need to add this type definition here on the declaration of the method.
This of method can just return the new Metamodel instance,
passing the class as a parameter.
This constructor does not exist,
so let us use this Ctrl+1 magical shortcut to create that constructor,
thus, making Metamodel a generic class.
I'm going to move this constructor declaration after
the static method just created.
This is going to return a Metamodel of T,
and this constructor parameter here will be mapped to a field,
so once again, Eclipse can help us in doing that by creating the field for us.
And I think that we are good to go with the first steps of the creation of this method.